Document annotation processors change in Java 23+ (#2575)
cap-js/docs: java/migration.md

The default JDK version of new CAP Java projects has been changed to JDK **25**. The minimum required JDK version hasn't changed and is still 17.

If your project uses Lombok, you need to explicitly add its annotation processor to your POM when you switch to Java 25. See https://projectlombok.org/setup/maven. 

> This is a change in Java compiler and affects all other annotation processors. See https://bugs.java.com/bugdatabase/JDK-8321314/description. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project uses Lombok, you need to explicitly add its annotation processor to your POM when you switch to Java 25. This is a change in Java compiler and affects all other annotation processors. 

[Learn more about Maven setup with Lombok.](https://projectlombok.org/setup/maven){.learn-more}
[Learn more about about the change in the Java compiler.](https://bugs.java.com/bugdatabase/JDK-8321314/description){.learn-more}
```
